- Previously on
"vanderpump rules"...
- Looks good tonight?
- Yeah, man, everything's great.
Tomtom has been open
for almost a year now,
and it's busier than ever.
- I've dreamt about this day
since I was a little kid.
I am actually doing
the photo shoot
for the cover of my book.
- That's it.
People are congratulating me
and saying how proud
they are of me about my book.
- It makes me so proud
to see her
as a "new york times"
best-selling author.
- I'm your guys' boss.
You know what I mean?
- Well, I'm moving to sur.
- I've hooked up
with girls there, too.
- So when I go to sur,
I shouldn't wear a t-shirt
that says,
"I ----ed max. How about you?"
- max and I had a thing
last year,
and he said that
I'm, like, boy-crazy.
- I don't wanna rub anything
in your face.
- I know you guys
are hooking up.
Maybe don't sleep
with your staff.
♪♪♪
♪ you know that it's our time ♪
♪ these are the best days
of our lives ♪
♪ just raise your glasses high ♪
♪ this one's for you tonight ♪
cela: ♪ baby, we're unstoppable,
unflappable ♪
♪ doing the impossible,
we got big dreams ♪
♪ and our hearts are full,
girl, we're on fire ♪
♪ better drop and roll ♪
- mom, nikolai?
- Yes.
- I have shrimp.
- Oh, good. I'm starving.
- You all settled in?
- Yeah!
- What do you have to drink?
- I have diet dr pepper,
sparkling water.
- No soda.
- Mom, he's like an adult.
He's taller than me now.
- He just had a soda today.
- I know, but, like, he--
- I'll take water.
- Water?
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
- Beau, what'd you put
in this sauce?
- It's fresh horseradish
with ketchup
and some extra spices.
- You don't wanna tell me
what they are, huh?
- No, I don't.
- 'cause it's your secret?
- 'cause it's my secret.
- He's so weird. He's so weird.
I'm really glad that you guys
are here, because a year ago,
you probably wouldn't be here.
[ laughs ]
- yeah.
- Last year, when my mom and I
had our falling out,
she said some mean things.
- You're actually down here,
and he's up there. [ laughs ]
but my clock is ticking,
and I need grandchildren.
- She was overemotional.
She was irrational.
- [ crying ]
I just need you to hold me
and tell me that you love me.
- And I just--
it was too much for me.
- You guys could have talked
in private,
and you guys could have
resolved it then
instead of not talking
to each other for a year.
- My brother's always been
so incredibly mature,
even as a little kid.
- You have to be funny,
handsome.
- I need to be handsome.
- You have to be mature, brave.
- Mature's tough for me.
- Did you read my book?
- Kinda. I mean, I read--
- did you read about the part
where I lost my virginity?
- [ gasps ]
- no. [ laughs ] no.
- I read it.
Ugh. I wish I had never
read it.
- It is mainly...
- Skip that chapter.
- It is... [ laughs ]
- skip that chapter.
- So what are we gonna do
tonight?
- Well, I--he's going
to a boys' night tonight,
and I have to go do
a walk-through of tomtom
for my book signing tomorrow
just to, like,
make sure
everything's organized.
Ending my book tour
with my friends at tomtom
is so special to me,
'cause I feel like
I don't know that I would have
been able to write a book
without them.
I mean, lord knows they gave me
a sh-- ton of material.
I love you guys.
You're still annoying, though.
- Yeah, we know that.
[ laughter ]
so are you.
♪ she a boss b,
got her eyes on everything ♪
♪ got the magic touch,
icey on the pinkie ring ♪
♪ expect the best,
never, never, ever settling ♪
♪ she's a top dog,
you can feel the energy ♪
- what have you tried
on the menu so far?
Because I feel like
I have eaten the checca
three shifts in a row.
Really love that pasta.
- I've never had pasta
in my life.
- You've never had pasta?
- No, I've never had pasta.
- You've never had
macaroni and cheese?
- No, I have this theory that
pasta's the reason why
everyone, like, gains weight.
That's like you just--stacks
in your body, and you can't--
- girl, that's an actual thing,
of course, like carbs.
- Hi.
- Hi!
- Are you guys the new girls?
- Yes.
- Hi.
- I'm danica.
- Dayna.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi. I'm charli.
- Charli. Oh, I've heard
about you from scheana.
- Yes.
- She said you're great.
- Of course scheana said
nice things about charli,
because she's a little
mini version of scheana.
[ robotic voice ] take selfies.
Wear dinostompers.
Just don't make me eat pasta.
- Well, glad to finally
meet you.
- Uh, I've been suspended
for the past week, so...
- Why?
- Uh, it's a long story.
Don't really wanna get into it
right now.
My ex-boyfriend, brett willis,
was being completely
disrespectful.
And he randomly asked me if
I wanted to have a threesome.
- What?
- So I pushed him.
- You put your hands on brett.
I'm gonna have to suspend you.
- [ crying ]
I, like, ruined my life.
I'm just picking up shifts
'cause I'm, like,
so broke right now,
so I'm gonna be serving
in the restaurant with you guys.
- Hello.
- You look so cute.
Where are you going?
- Thank you.
Um, needed to get my dress.
I'm gonna stop by
and talk to max and then
I'm going out after that.
- Cute.
- Yeah.
- Sounds fun.
- So...
- I'm gonna see if I got that.
- Then I'll sit.
- I just met her.
- Yeah. [ sighs ]
- she's...She's fun.
[ laughter ]
I literally, like, sat down
next to her,
and, like,
the first thing I noticed
was that she, like,
wasn't wearing a bra.
- And these are so thin
and, like, see-through.
It's like--
- I like bras.
I like cleavage.
- I do, too. I'm like--
- higher to heaven.
Yeah, exactly.
- Better the tips.
[ laughter ]
- hello.
- Hi, lisa.
Anything I can get for you?
- Yeah, I'll have a glass
of vanderpump rosé, of course.
I've got one little note
for you.
- Okay.
- ...In my restaurant.
- Hi.
- Hello. What's this?
- Uh, new sur dress.
- All right.
I need to hem it because
it's a little too long...
- Long for you.
- ...For my short torso.
- What's happening?
You're not working.
That's why you're--
- no, no, I need to have
a little chat with manager max.
- Why? What are you
chatting to him about?
- He...Made a comment to brett
at katie's house
the other night.
New brett, not this brett.
- What did he say
that would offend you?
- He called me boy-crazy.
- I'm gonna be honest with you.
With scheana,
I mean, I think we all know
she's very boy-crazy.
- No.
- Yeah.
- He didn't.
- He's the one who pursued me
and made me feel special
and sent me pages and pages
and pages of texts,
and then acts like,
"oh, my god.
It was too much too quick,"
and I'm like,
"bro, you did this, not me."
- you're worried
that if brett hears that,
then maybe it'll all kind of
ruin your chances.
- I-I will admit
there's a crush there.
But I don't wanna date him,
and I mean that.
Like, I really--I'm not...
Like, I still, like,
I don't wanna date brett.
It just...It upsets me
that max, of all people,
said this, and I just feel like
he should just have
a little more respect for me.
- Okay, well, then you need
to talk to him about that.
- I know. I'm going to,
'cause it's just, like--
- I just always want you
to relax a little bit.
- I know.
- Just let it come to you.
Anyway, I'm gonna do my rounds.
- Okay.
- And I'm going away
to boston tomorrow.
- Okay. I can't decide--
- I'm very worried about you.
- I know. Thank you.
- And I want to protect you.
- I'm just in a weird place
in my life right now.
- All right.
♪♪♪
- yo!
- What's up, boys?
- What up, buddy?
- How's it going, dude?
- What's going on, guys?
What's up, man?
What's up?
I haven't talked to you
in a while.
- What's up, fellas?
- What's up, buddy?
- Oh, hey, yo, dude.
- How are you, man?
What's going on?
- All right.
- He's a new employee at sur.
- Oh, all right. There he is.
- Are you bartending
or are you--
- nah, I'm serving right now.
- Okay.
- My goal is to be a bartender,
but...
- When I met you at sur
the first time,
- my goal is to be a bartender,
but...
I thought it was somebody
she was dating,
'cause she was like this.
- Of course. She's, like, on--
rubbing my arm.
- Yeah, I was like...
- Touching my leg. She wants
to go see "aladdin" with me.
Like...
- Oh. Speaking of the devil.
- Who, scheana?
- Yeah, she just texted me.
- Are you guys, like,
talking again, or...
- No.
- Oh, just friends.
- Yeah. Max has a lot of those.
- Everyone relax, dude.
[ bleep ]
[ laughter ]
um...Yeah, anyway.
Uh, yeah, yeah. Uh...
- How long have you guys kinda,
like, seen each other?
Like, not even a month?
Like, two weeks?
- Not even a month, dude.
I just needed like, some,
----ing breathing room,
and she comes over to
my apartment. She tells me to--
she's doing the whole
freezing eggs thing
that she's been doing.
She tells me that
she's off birth control.
Like, it's just too much.
- Oh, my god, scheana.
I haven't dated in a long time,
but I'll tell you one thing.
If I did go on a date
and a girl started talking
about her ----ing eggs,
I'm pretty sure I would run.
- It was almost like too much,
like, stage five, like...
- Clinger.
- Dude, it was just
a little much.
- She gets clingy, bro.
- I love this.
This is hilarious.
- Did you guys ever cuddle?
- Yeah. We cuddled, dude.
Yes, we cuddled. We canoodled.
She was big spoon.
I was little spoon.
It's all good.
- I love being little spoon.
I love feeling weak,
and it's one of my things.
- Usually I like to be
the big spoon, 'cause I'm a man.
I don't know how these emo dudes
get any action at all.
- It's just too much for me,
dude.
Whatever her animosity
is with dayna,
I think they're figuring it out.
I don't know.
- Right.
- She claimed it has
nothing to do with me. Whatever.
- Dude, by the way,
apparently we are doing
this party for stassi tomorrow,
and I hope schwartz and her
are figuring everything out
because I literally
have not heard anything
from stassi about this party.
- I think schwartz is at tomtom
right now.
- Okay.
The thing that bothers me
the most about this book party
is the lack of consideration
from stassi.
I did not hear from her at all.
She asked schwartz.
- Yeah, he would be here if not.
♪♪♪
- we'll definitely have it
in the garden, yes?
- Yeah.
- Sandoval and I have been
talking about stassi's event
for three days now.
- So stassi's book party
is Friday?
- Friday. 1 to 3.
50 to 60 people.
- Oh, that's a crowd.
- You know, max has got
a few bartenders lined up
for the event,
everything's coming together.
Tom's actually really excited
to host.
- Let's hold down the bar.
- I'm not gonna bartend.
- Why?
- Dude, we're owners.
- But, you know, he--
he definitely wants
everyone to know that, you know,
he is an owner.
- I feel like everything
should just be out here.
- You could project--
- and then people
can go get drinks in there,
really easy.
- Yeah, we'll have
two bartenders.
It'll be super smooth.
- Everyone who got a wristband
to come
had to go to barnes & noble
at the grove today
to buy a book.
If we move these side tables,
I can sign books at that table.
- Okay.
We're collaborating right now.
- We are collaborating.
- Yes. And, of course,
we're not gonna charge you
for the space. You're family.
- Thank you.
'cause I wasn't expecting that.
- Come on. No.
- I just wanna say cheers.
- Hey, cheers.
- I appreciate you guys
coming out to meet everybody.
- Yeah.
- You know?
- To going out.
- Here's to many more, uh...
- Many more talks about scheana.
- No, not...
[ laughs ] not that.
We clearly don't want that.
- Not because we want to.
- [ laughs ]
- uh...
- Uh, but, no, I'm glad you guys
finally all got to meet.
I wish you guys could come
to miami so bad,
but my 40th will be next and--
- hello.
Hi, guys.
- Hey, what's up?
- How are you?
- Hi.
- Good.
- Nice to see you.
- Um...
- Hi.
- Can I borrow him for a sec?
Like, maybe you guys wanna,
like, go do some tequila shots.
♪♪♪
- sure, let's go do
a tequila shot.
- Thanks, guys.
Sorry to interrupt.
[ indistinct conversations ]
- you wanna go moonwalk
over here?
- Why do I feel like
I'm in high school right now?
- Coming up...
- I just woke up to a text
from tom sandoval.
"I will literally kick you
the [ bleep ] out of tomtom."
- what?
♪♪♪
- how's boys' night?
- It's been good so far.
It's been nice.
- How's brett?
- I love brett.
- Yeah?
- You knew that since the day
I met him.
- But I mean like with the guys.
- No, he's doing awesome.
But, um, what's up?
- So I like attention from guys.
I wouldn't say boy-crazy.
It was just the word "crazy,"
because then I, like,
even went back--
- you never call a girl crazy.
You never say that word.
I-I didn't.
- No, because then I'm like,
okay, if you're saying that,
then, like, what are you saying
about, like,
when we were hanging out
last year?
Like, I really liked you,
and I mean,
it was more than a little fling,
and I just felt like
you just owed me
a little more respect than that.
You haven't exactly been
an angel.
In the last week, I've found out
about several girls
you've slept with,
and that's fine.
Do you. You're single.
- Poor max, dude.
- What the hell else can they be
talking about, though?
That's what I don't get.
- I don't know.
- I just wanna read you
a few things that you sent me.
- I've never s--
- that was the last one.
This is not the person
I hung out with,
like, thanksgiving last year.
Like, I'm not crazy.
Like, it was a thing.
- I know.
- I bought you
a ----ing apple watch.
- I'm not saying you're crazy.
- Like, I don't just buy
an apple watch for a guy
I, like, banged one time.
- I know.
- Dayna may have seen
max's dick,
but I've seen max's heart.
Max and I went to football games
and dinners
and did all of these things
together.
I actually know him,
but you can't just say
what a girl wants to hear
and make her feel a certain way
just to get laid and then bail.
Since then, you've kind of
just become a [ bleep ]boy.
And I mean--
- I could not agree more.
I've not been a good person
to other women.
The thing is,
I've never led them on.
I think the only person
I may have led on is you.
I'm sorry.
- I'm just saying,
as your friend, like, maybe
don't sleep with your staff,
because if you lose your job...
- I'm not.
- ...Over something so dumb
like that...
- Yes, I slept with dayna,
but it was in the mix
of her kind of being my employee
but also working for sur.
- Okay, but dayna also
somehow seems to think
that, like, I have an issue
with her because of you.
- And I've expressed to her
because she's also said, like,
"well, if me and scheana
don't start getting along,
what does that mean for us?"
I'm like,
"that is not my fault."
all I can say
is that I am sorry
for what I've said to you and--
- I just don't need her thinking
she's, like, your girlfriend.
I mean, are you guys dating
or you're just--
- no! We're just...
No.
- Okay.
♪♪♪
- "I had no idea what to do when
it came to sex or making out,
"and that included grooming.
Yes, ladies and gents,
I had a full-blown bush."
[ laughs ]
you're ----ing kidding me.
"I hoped this guy would
make out with me,
"but I never imagined
anything would happen
"involving my vagina.
"my makeup was all over
my face,
"and I'd just lost my virginity
and I'm naked in a man's bed
with a full bush." this is what
she wants me to read?
- What, at the book signing?
- Yeah.
I'm glad I'm going to boston.
I wouldn't read this.
I really wanted to be there
for stassi's book signing.
I'm just getting
puffy's suitcase.
Puffy needs to have his clothes,
too.
But then I'm reading
this passage,
and it's talking about
her fluffy nether regions,
and even for me,
that might be a hair too much.
I was having lunch
with my little muffin.
The wedding's gonna be
somewhere--
she calls it "ver-sails."
- versailles.
Kentucky. Are you kidding me?
- We call it "ver-sails,"
though. [ laughs ]
- who calls it "ver-sails"?
- That's just what it's called
in kentucky.
[ speaking french ]
I mean, what the [ bleep ]
is that all about?
I mean, can you believe it?
Jax is actually getting married
finally.
- No, I can't.
He's not the marrying type.
- Well, everybody said that
about you,
that you weren't
the marrying type.
- Exactly.
- But then I took pity on you
and actually took you down
the altar.
- What a lucky man I am.
♪♪♪
puffy, come on.
- Okay, let's go.
I almost forgot. We've got to
pick up pandora and jason.
My god. I'm still thinking
about stassi
and her fluffy hoo-ha.
- You can read it on the plane.
♪♪♪
- good girls. Good job.
[ stove clicking ]
♪♪♪
- beau!
- What?
- Come--can you come here?
Oh, my ----ing god.
- What's up?
- Um, I just woke up to a text
from tom sandoval
that he sent
at 2:00 in the morning.
Just listen.
"hey, so I found out today
about your book party
"at tomtom
with no word from you?
"truth, we have no bartenders.
I'm not bartending,
"and neither is schwartz,
so I don't know
"what is actually gonna happen.
"do not put this on me or us
because I will literally
"kick you the [ bleep ]
out of tomtom
and all your wristbands"?
I'm sorry, but sandoval having
to staff the event last minute
has nothing to do with me.
Is he ----ing out of his mind?
♪♪♪
- coming up...
- I never wear underwear
with those dresses.
They're so sheer
that you can see.
- You can see it.
- I love, like,
walking through
the restaurant.
I can feel the breeze, like,
up my vagina.
It's, like, such a good feeling.
[ laughter ]
♪♪♪
- "do not put this on me or us
because I will
"literally kick you
the [ bleep ] out of tomtom
and all your wristbands"?
- What?
- Like, I'm not even gonna--
like, I don't...
I'm--do I respond to that?
Like, do--
- no, don't respond to it.
- What could I possibly say?
Who--um, I have so many thoughts
in my head.
- What a ----ing dick.
- What is with all the anger?
Like, why is he even talking
to me like that?
- Just screenshot that
and send it to schwartz
and then see what he says.
♪♪♪
- I sent it to schwartz.
I'm, like, going over
everything in my head.
Like, I asked lisa.
Would be really awesome
to do, like, a book signing
here at tomtom.
- All right, yes,
you can do it here.
- I did a walk-through
with schwartz.
Everyone who got a wristband
to come
had to go barnes & noble
to buy a book.
- There's gotta be
an explanation.
I mean, I saw
in his instagram story
that he was out with james.
- We're together,
two best friends.
- Everyone keeps asking for him.
- I know he doesn't like you,
so maybe he was--
- no, honestly, like,
this is so sandoval.
Ever since he met me,
he has never been a fan.
We will never understand why.
He sounds like
a psycho ex-boyfriend.
That's what he sounds like.
- What a ----ing asshole.
- If he causes a scene
or ----s sh-- up,
I am going to lose it.
♪♪♪
♪ I got my girls with me,
girls with me, girls with me ♪
♪ we take on anything,
anything, anything ♪
♪ I got my girls with me,
girls with me, girls with me ♪
♪ we take on anything,
anything, anything ♪
- all right,
I have the sewing machine.
You want me to set it up
over here?
- Yeah, that's perfect.
- I'd rather help you
than have you guys pay
for these. They are so long.
- Dude, it's like
an extra small for who?
I can't pull off
these new sur dresses
like all of the tall models
who work at sur can.
I'm 5'5" on a good day.
I want it to be like borderline
my ass is hanging out short.
- [ singsongy ] hello!
- Hi!
- What's going on?
- Charli's coming, too?
- Yes. Yeah.
- She's on her way.
She's almost here.
- She's the new girl at sur,
my little mini me.
- That's so funny.
- Um, what is going on
since breaking it off
with brett?
- I have so much
to tell you guys.
Last night, he hands me
an envelope with $1,300 in it
and goes, "this is the money
that you would have made
the week that you were
suspended at sur."
- this is for you,
and you shouldn't worry
about the month of June.
This is all my fault.
- Okay, like,
I can't accept that.
- But you ----ing took it,
right?
- I took it, yeah.
- Yeah.
- Hell, yeah.
[ laughter ]
but then I had sex with him.
- No!
- Danica!
- I know!
- I literally was feeling
so vulnerable.
- That's prostitution.
- I don't know.
- [ singsongy ] hi.
- Hi!
- Oh, my god.
You are so adorable.
- I come bearing gifts.
- Thank you.
- I brought you flowers.
- That's so cute!
- Back to this.
- Oh, yes.
- Why did you [ bleep ] brett
the other night?
- Wait. Hold on.
- Hold brett.
- Rewind. You ----ed old brett?
- And he paid her.
- That's okay.
- Let's separate these two
before something really bad...
- I don't think that's bad.
- You're mixing them.
- Um...
- He left this morning, and...
- Ew, he stayed?
- Yeah.
- Danica!
- I needed it so bad.
- Ding, ding, ding.
Should I have sex with brett?
Okay.
[ laughter ]
- oh, honey, his package is way
more than this ----ing banana.
- Ew, stop, and also stop
giving him that.
Tell everyone he has
a small dick.
- Don't say he has a small dick.
Just say he ----s weird
and, like, breathes in your ear.
- It's too late.
- Let's get our dresses done.
- Yeah.
♪♪♪
- I want mine shorter,
tighter, everything.
- I'm gonna put mine on.
- Okay, same.
- Okay, I have a chalk line.
- From the side,
it makes you look fat.
- You need it like this.
- I don't have underwear on.
[ laughter ]
- I hate to admit it,
but I never wear underwear
with those dresses because
you could--
they're so sheer...
- You can see it.
- ...That you can see.
I love, like,
walking through the restaurant.
I can feel the breeze,
like, up my vagina. It's, like,
such a good feeling.
♪♪♪
do you have coasters?
Do you mind if I just put...
- Um, they should be
under the table.
- Okay.
- Last night, max and I were,
like, talking,
and I was, like, look.
I'm like, "you have literally
become a [ bleep ]boy.
I mean, him and I,
like, we definitely, like,
we had a thing.
And, like, I still think he
should prioritize me over dayna.
- Is he actually trying
to pursue something?
- No.
- Or is she temp?
- I don't know the situation.
- She's temp af.
- But I could totally tell you
it's temp. [ laughs ]
- like, I'm here and he's here,
and he's dating girls here.
Dayna is not his girlfriend.
If I wanna hang out with max,
I'm gonna hang out with max.
I bought him
the ----ing apple watch.
I knew he couldn't afford it,
and I knew he really wanted one.
I'm notorious for buying boys
presents. I bought--
- but what do they buy you,
scheana?
- I bought the last guy
a ----ing penguin, charli.
At the aquarium,
you can adopt a penguin.
And I named her spot.
♪♪♪
- you bought someone a penguin?
- Yeah.
- [ laughs ]
♪♪♪
- thank you for coming so early
for me.
- Of course.
- So how is the training doing?
- Ton of information.
Like, extensive menu.
I don't know. I made note cards.
- The sauces...Yeah.
- It's like,
it's a lot to remember, so...
- Who trained you mostly?
- Um, mostly scheana.
- Okay, what about you?
- Um, scheana a little bit.
- What I need you to do, guys,
is to take this home.
It's the employee handbook,
so you're gonna have
a lot of answers
to any question you may have
about when you have an issue,
who to, uh, talk to about it.
And then payroll
is every two fridays.
- It's nice and pink.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. [ laughs ]
- is that lisa's doing?
-Exactly.
- Is that an accident?
- It has to be pink. [ laughs ]
- well, thanks for all
the information.
- Yeah, thank you.
- Of course! All right.
Have a good night. Bye, guys.
- Thank you. See you soon.
- Thank you.
- So how is training
with scheana going for you?
- Um, she's super nice,
uh, to me at least.
Everything's been--why?
[ laughs ]
why you make that face?
- That has not been
my experience, but continue.
- I don't know how she treats,
like, other girls.
- I mean--
- she's, like, the only person
I really met that I, even,
like, really talk to
at this point casually.
- Yeah.
- I hung out with her
a couple times.
I tried to let her know,
like, "listen,
"I value you way more
as a friend right now
"than anything else.
I don't wanna give you
the wrong impression."
I care about you as my friend
and my...
- Yeah.
- I don't want
the common knowledge
to be, like, have anything
to do with me and you sexually.
- Did you friend-zone her?
Wait. Did you say,
"it's not you, it's me"?
- I don't--
- please tell me
you didn't say that.
- [ laughs ]
- no, like, tell me you did.
That's amazing.
- I--I--no. I didn't say that,
but I definitely, you know,
theoretically friend-zoned her.
Yeah. I had to.
She ----ing crashed boys' night
last night.
We were at the shelby,
and was like,
"can I borrow max for a minute?"
and we were like, "what?"
- she's not even
dating anyone there,
so why is she going to pull max
aside and be like,
have a heart-to-heart?
I'm new to l.A., and scheana
is putting her scheana spin
out there for everyone
and making them
not like me upfront.
So it's nice to have someone
at sur
that feels more like a friend
than just another person that's
trying to [ bleep ] me over.
She seems unstable. [ laughs ]
- ugh.
- [ laughs ]
- coming up...
- To text me those things--
how dare you?!
You selfish, egotistical
piece of sh--!
♪♪♪
- all right.
- Thank you so much
for doing this last second.
- No, of course.
- Dude, sorry
for the short notice, david.
- No.
- Are you sure guys want me
behind the bar today?
I've never been a bartender
before, but I think I can do it.
- Max had a few bartenders
that unfortunately fell out
late last night, and before
we could replace them,
tom took it upon himself
to rage-text stassi
as if the whole thing
was her fault.
Two and a half hours--
easy-peasy, lemon-squeezy.
It was a bit of scramble there,
but we handled it.
These things happen
in our industry.
♪♪♪
- thank you, guys,
so much for coming!
- [ cheering ]
- I really do have, like,
the best fans.
- [ cheering ]
- I just ----ing said "fans."
oh, my god. I am such a douche.
Hi.
- [ singsongy ] hey!
- Hey.
- Thank you, guys,
for being here.
Thank you so much.
- What's going on?
- What's up, nikolai?
- What's up?
- My man! Look at you,
tall drink of water.
What's going on?
- Hey.
- Are you okay?
- I'm shook.
- Okay, I'm very confused.
- No, I'm shook.
- It was hostile.
- I've never had anyone
talk to me like that.
- I have no idea where
tom's coming from right now.
You guys don't know this.
Also, he got bit by a spider,
and he's, like, in the e.R.
Right now.
- Are you joking?
- I'm not kidding.
- Who gets bit by a spider?
Was he, like, hanging out
in a comic book?
He was with d.J. James kennedy
"getting turnt."
sandoval's like,
"stassi only cleared her event
through, like,
95% of the ownership."
and james kennedy's like...
[ british accent ] "what?!
Stassi's the worst."
[ normal voice ]
then a spider bites sandoval...
- Uhh!
- ...Giving him super powers
of narcissism
and mediocre powers
of rage-texting.
And that's how tom sandoval
became sandyman,
the world's most annoying
superhero.
I'm gonna go set stuff up
and make sure
everything looks the way
I want it to look. Yeah.
- Okay, let's go, let's go.
Come on. Yeah.
♪♪♪
we talked about maybe
getting the chairs out of here.
I think it's better
for the ambience.
People can sit down
if they want, schmooze, mingle.
♪♪♪
- hi, nice to see you.
- [ singsongy ] tomtom!
♪♪♪
- put this on the house tab.
- We're putting it on your tab.
[ laughter ]
- I meant the jax tab,
not the house tab.
- Do you wanna do one with me?
- I'm okay.
I'm saving up for your w--
your bachelor party.
- He's saving up.
- Save room for miami.
- All right.
- We've got things in store.
- I know, I know. I'm nervous.
- Wait.
What are you nervous for?
He's allowed to get strippers
and--I am not gonna say no.
- Whoa!
- There's two days
until we're in miami,
and I just want jax
to have the best time.
This is our one and only
bachelorette party.
- What's great about brittany
is, is she doesn't, like,
have a leash on me.
I do what I want when I want.
- After we're married,
he's never going
to a strip club again.
- I don't think this is gonna be
the last time
I'm at a strip club.
Multiple strippers.
- Old ones?
- You heard it first right here
out of her mouth.
- Oh, he's--
he can get old ones.
- No, we don't want old ones.
- [ laughs ]
- okay, yeah.
♪♪♪
- what's up, guys?
Is everybody good?
- Whoo!
- [ singsongy ] hello!
[ cheers and applause ]
- [ chanting ] stassi! Stassi!
[ cheering continues ]
- thanks, you guys!
- Whoo!
- Seriously, thank you, guys,
so much for coming.
Tomtom is the best, and if
you guys haven't eaten here,
you need to.
When I started writing
this book,
I started writing it
because I felt like,
okay, I wanna write
about what I know,
and what I know is about being
a basic bitch.
And 'cause all my friends
are here,
I'm just gonna read a little bit
from my "witches of weho"
chapter.
- Hey, girl.
- "girlfriends,
enhance your life
"and make it more sparkly
and glittery and brighter,
"like a frickin' rhinestone
louboutin.
"when you find real friends,
"you work through sh--
and forgive and forget,
"and that's how I can be
best friends
with somebody who had sex
with my ex-boyfriend."
[ laughter ]
[ laughs ] how good is that?
Sorry, brittany.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
- I'm used to it by now.
[ laughs ]
- thank you, guys, for coming.
Get wasted!
[ cheers and applause ]
and I can't wait to meet
all of you.
[ cheering continues ]
- I'm proud. I'm proud.
- Thanks. I love you.
- Mm!
- Congratulations, honey.
- Thank you.
- [ laughs ]
- thanks for coming in, guys.
In spite of
the very rocky morning,
everything turned out great.
- Thank you. Thank you.
I love your book.
- So nice to meet you.
Thank you so much.
- The drinks are flowing.
Everything's going
really swimmingly.
- I love it.
It says "stassi af."
- stassi's happy, so I'm happy.
♪♪♪
- gosh, we just walked so far.
- Yeah, I know.
'cause there's no valet.
♪♪♪
- they're here!
- Tom's here?
- Of course I sent stassi
a ----ing text message,
because I'm trying to figure out
how the [ bleep ] tomtom
is not gonna look like
a ----ing sh--hole.
- What's up, man?
- Hey, what's up, dude?
- Yeah? You all right?
- How's it going?
- Hi.
- Nah, not particularly.
- Watch out for tom's
black widow gross spider bite.
- Yeah.
- Dude.
- Hey.
- What happened last night, man?
- Yeah, what?
- Um, at 2:00 in the morning,
I'm wondering how the hell
I'm gonna staff my place.
- Listen, I was gonna
take care of it.
I was gonna bartend
if I had to.
- It was taken care of.
- You're gonna bartend?
You don't know how
ring drinks in...
- Yes, dude,
I know how to keep a tab.
- You don't know how to use
that computer system.
Jojo has never bartended.
We have nobody.
David is gonna work
12 hours today.
We are never open this early
during the day.
We can't have our bartenders
working 12-hour shifts.
Schwartz doesn't
understand this.
Stassi certainly doesn't
understand this,
and all of this could have
been avoided
if stassi would have just
come to me.
- But saying, "I will throw you
the [ bleep ] out of tomtom"
is, like, that's really
aggressive.
- That's ----ing childish, man.
That's embarrassing.
- Childish? Childish?
- I think it's childish
not to have a proper event
staffed the night before.
- So you're gonna defend him
saying,
"I'll kick you the..." oh,
you guys are embarrassing, man.
- "I'll throw you the [ bleep ]
out of tomtom."
you guys are
a ----ing echo chamber.
- A little over the top.
- An echo chamber of negativity.
- Coming up...
- I just want to be sure that
there's nothing going on
between you guys.
- So are you gonna pull
every girl
who max talks to aside
and ask if they're hooking up,
or is this just me?
- You're ruining something
that's supposed to be
really great for her
because you can't handle
that she gets attention.
You're ----ing jealous
of her or something.
- Are you serious right now?
- Yeah, I am serious.
- Are you ----ing serious?
- 100% serious.
- They have known me
for enough years
to know that my biggest fear
in life
is coming across as jealous.
Only you would think something
like that, katie.
Only you would think
something like that.
- You're talking about sh--
that you don't know about.
- I'm not talking--
you don't talk about sh--
you don't know about.
No, you don't.
This is not
katie maloney's bar & grill.
- This is my husband's place
as well!
You don't get to talk
to me like that right now.
- Oh, okay, okay.
- You don't get to talk
to her like that.
- I'm not talking to you.
- People are coming here,
spending money on you.
- Get the [ bleep ] out of here,
katie.
- Hold on. Let me talk to tom.
Let me--I love you.
- Just go and have a glass
of wine.
- I know, but, dude--
- okay, you guys are nuts.
- No, but, dude, you created
this narrative in your head.
- No, no, no, I did not.
- With a limited amount
of information.
The way to deal with it
last night
is not to rage-text her
when you're sh--faced
at 4 in the morning.
- Is there a freakin' issue?
What is not okay about having
a bunch of customers in here,
buying drinks from your bar?
- I've not gotten
a single text message--
- and so I didn't come to you
and kiss your ring?
- No! I didn't get
a single text message!
- This is about you!
I talked to lisa!
- Does lisa make
the schedule here?
Does she--
- lisa owns most of this bar!
- I get it, but she doesn't
make the schedule.
- I did. I walked through it
with schwartz while you
were having boys' night!
- Yeah, last night! No, no, no!
- How dare you come in here
right now and do this?!
How dare you?! How dare you?!
You selfish, egotistical,
piece of sh--!
- Wow.
- How dare you?!
- Wow, okay.
- And to text me those things,
how dare you?!
You know what? You're just
----ing sad that this
isn't about you.
- No, I'm not.
- It's not good enough to have
your ----ing name in lights...
- No, I'm not!
- ...On santa monica boulevard.
- Oh, my god, stassi.
Are you serious right now?
- I did nothing wrong.
- You did nothing wrong?
- You didn't have to do
anything.
- You never do anything.
- You had to do nothing!
- Okay, sure, stassi.
That was extremely out of line.
- I'm shaking.
♪♪♪
this is bullsh--!
The whole point was to have
an intimate thing
where my friends and just
a certain amount of people
can come
and have a small reading.
It'd be the end of everything,
the end of the book tour,
and just have it with y'all.
- You knew about this.
It sucks, yes--
- I didn't know any details.
- Yes, okay.
- I thought it was gonna be
15 people, dude.
- No, we said 50 to 60
when we sat down.
- 50 to 60 people.
- Oh, that's a crowd.
No offense, schwartz.
I know you can make drinks.
That's fine.
- Yeah.
- But you don't know how
to work the computer system.
- I don't, I don't, I don't.
- It's an issue.
It's a huge issue, schwartz.
- But we make sh-- happen.
We were always gonna
be able to handle this.
- I know, but, schwartz,
this is not--
schwartz, when you have
a place with your name on it...
- Dude, don't belittle me.
- Listen--no, no, no.
- Don't belittle me.
- I'm not belittling you.
I'm not belittling you.
- It's condescending.
- It's not condescending.
- Okay, I know.
- And you weren't calling
the staff yesterday
figuring this out.
- No, I just found out
about it this morning,
and we handled it.
- Listen, I'm gonna get
outta here.
- I knew you overreacted.
- I'm gonna get outta here.
- You wanna leave?
- I'll come back after it opens.
- Hey, it's fine.
We already closed the bar.
They're gonna be leaving
in five minutes.
- Okay, cool, cool.
- We're leaving in five minutes.
- It's obvious that stassi
doesn't have any respect for me
or the fact that
I'm an owner at tomtom
and that we are doing this
as a favor for her for free,
and as far as schwartz goes,
my business partner,
we have a lot to talk about.
- I'm sorry I yelled.
It's just--
- no, you had to get it out.
- I just lost my mind.
- I'm pissed at him, too.
This reflects poorly on,
you know, not just him
but me, too.
- Yeah, he just screamed--
- he went full denzel
in "training day."
- listen, I'm just gonna write
about it in my next book.
♪ this my business,
so mind your own ♪
♪ right there's my witness,
so you gone ♪
♪ if you come at me,
I'm coming strong ♪
♪ so if you planning to step,
don't come alone ♪
- how was the shot?
- It was so good.
- Yeah? Another?
- Yes.
♪♪♪
- so why don't we just finish
checking on tables on this side?
- Okay.
- And then, um,
I know danica wants to do
a little q&a with you guys
before the end of the night.
- Last night I had a section
for the first time,
but it was really slow,
so, like, it went well.
So I think this is gonna be
my last training shift.
- Ready to go?
- That depends.
- [ bleep ], yeah, I am.
- You're good.
- [ bleep ], yeah.
- Did you do a brunch yet?
- I did--yeah, I did
last Sunday brunch.
- Yeah, peter threw me
right into one
without any experience
at brunch.
I didn't even know the menu.
I was, like, sending
the wrong orders in
and everything, so, like--
- so it went well.
You're saying it went--
- actually, for me, though,
I gotta [ bleep ] up
a couple times.
- Cool. Okay, um, I'll just
do a few questions
while we're here.
- I have a question.
- Okay.
- How come your dress
is so short?
- Um, charli and danica
came over today,
and we altered them because--
- are you allowed to do that?
- I'm not--I don't know
if I'm allowed to do it.
I've been doing it
for eight years.
- This needs to be altered.
Like, this is so baggy here.
- Yeah. I always just wear
an extra padded bra
to fill it out.
- I never wear a bra ever.
- Me, too.
- So I also feel like maybe
that's not a thing here,
but, like, I truly hate it.
- What if it's cold?
- I mean, then I nip.
I nip out.
I never wear a breast prison
because I don't ----ing
want to.
- [ high-pitched voice ] bing!
- She's so ----ing annoying.
Can I grab you for a second?
- Yeah. Perfect.
- Sorry to steal her away.
- No, you're good.
- Okay.
- [ sighs ] what's up?
- So I just wanna touch base
with you,
since I'm almost done
with training.
- Yeah.
- And you and max--
like, that's cool.
You guys are friends.
I get it, but, like,
I just want to be sure
that there is nothing going on
between you guys.
- We are really good friends.
I mean,
sometimes we're still, like,
flirty, but that's just, like,
our personalities, but, like,
also you guys aren't dating.
- I mean,
it's a brand-new thing.
- Yeah.
- So it's still
that awkward stage.
- So are you gonna pull every
girl who max talks to aside
and ask if they're hooking up,
or is this just me?
- No. Absolutely not,
but I just feel like
'cause we've had some tension.
- Yeah.
- And you were saying, like,
it wasn't about that,
but it seemed that way.
- It's not.
Like, I'm cool with every girl
in between.
- Yeah.
- Even though max and I
are, like, done,
it still doesn't feel great
to watch him bang
every server and hostess
who works for lisa vanderpump.
In the last eight years at sur,
like, all of the girls
have been worried
about getting jaxed.
Now you gotta worry
about getting maxed.
- I haven't dated anyone
in a while,
and the only reason I was asking
about you and him
and your history
is because
if it's still going on,
then, like, I just don't want
a part of it. That's cool.
I have sensitivities from
all of my previous
failed relationships
about someone not valuing me
in the way that I value myself.
But I am excited about max,
and I think it's ----ed up
for scheana to butt in
and try to make me feel
like I'm just another notch
on his bedpost
like she clearly was.
I've heard max's [ bleep ]boy
reputation.
I'm not, like, I'm not going
into this blind, being like...
- Perfect. Yeah.
- "oh, my god. This is it."
like, I'm just--
- 'cause I think it's come off
a little bit like that.
- No.
- Like--
- literally, no.
- A little like you think
it's more than it is.
- I mean, that's when he told me
about your guys' thing.
That's how it ended up being,
and that's why it ended.
- I mean, our thing
was a thing,
but just woman to woman,
be careful, and just, like,
guard your heart and...Vagina.
♪♪♪
- coming up...
- Nobody yells like that
at anybody.
- Yes. It'll never happen again.
- Especially me, dude.
- Tom. Tom.
- Stassi is literally banned.
♪♪       - bubba, is this
your miami stuff on the bed?
- What you got there?
- We still have
a ton of things we have to do
last second.
Me and tom were supposed
to do that,
but now I have to go over there
and hash all this sh-- out.
I feel like there's a little
rainy cloud over my head.
- He should've had
the wherewithal not to come.
After it just was
a huge success,
everyone's happy,
he's showing up screaming
in the middle of tomtom.
- I don't feel like dealing
with this today.
- I'm afraid you do have
to deal with it,
because we're all supposed
to go to miami tomorrow, and--
- I know. Well, obviously.
Bubba, I obviously...
- No one's happy with him.
- I should be focused
on where we're gonna be drinking
miami vices in south beach
and boobies to rub
in jax's face.
Instead, I gotta be focused
on this sh--?
- He is entirely wrong
on this one.
- I know. He is, 100%.
♪♪♪
[ cellphone rings ]
[ ring ]
- sandoval.
We were doing her a favor,
and she's screaming at you?
Personally, I would have had
her removed
if she was screaming like that.
I'll talk to lisa, and I'll,
uh, catch you later. Thanks.
- What was that about?
- Sandoval spitting blood.
- He is?
- What he said was that stassi
was screaming and shouting
at him
in front of all the customers.
- In front of customers?
- Yeah.
He said,
"I couldn't quiet her down."
- at her own event?
That's not okay.
- I know.
- Absolutely not okay.
I just didn't envisage that
there would be a problem
with the book signing.
I mean, it's not like
it's new year's eve
or pride or Halloween.
I understand that.
But this is a book signing.
Come on, guys.
I've got to get
to the bottom of it,
'cause I'm not quite
understanding what's happened.
I've gotta speak to sandoval,
gotta speak to stassi.
- Speak to the manager.
We need to know the real story.
- Welcome home.
♪♪♪
[ knock on door ]
- yo, what up, dude?
- What's up? You got mail.
- Oh, thanks.
- You have a check from sur.
- Sweet!
- Something.
- What's that?
- Here's the chair.
- What?
- If you're gonna be packing,
I need something to sit on, man.
- Oh, my god, dude.
Look, I could have been basic
as [ bleep ]
and kept the furniture
that came with my house
just like schwartz
and katie's house.
But no, I wanna pick out
my own sh--.
So right now
it's a byoc situation.
When you come over
to my house,
you've gotta bring
your own chair.
- How's your spider bite?
Holy sh--, man.
That looks bad.
Maybe the venom made you
go off the rails.
Where is your head at, man?
- Finding out at 12 noon
that we have actual bartenders
is not okay.
- Dude, this was a very chill,
low-stress event.
- It doesn't--
you've not bartended
at any of these places.
- Dude, this is... [ laughs ]
I can't.
This is so low-maintenance.
I could've done this
in my sleep.
Worst-case scenario, you know,
tom and I could have hopped
behind the bar and poured
beer and wine. No big deal,
but somewhere deep
in his subconscious,
the idea of bartending
stassi's event
and serving her is so painful
that he'd rather just
kick her out of the bar
than do it.
The bigger ----ing issue
is you going apesh--
on a friend and a client--
- okay, okay, and I admit,
and I--a client?
- Of--no--
- stassi has not ----ing paid.
- I know, okay.
- She did not pay.
- No, I know, I know.
- She also, like,
completely humiliated
and made a fool of me in front
of, like, my ----ing restaurant.
When stassi screamed at me
in the middle of tomtom,
it was a total throwback
to the classic
princess brat stassi.
- How dare you, you piece
of sh--?! How dare you?!
- She fought fire with fire.
I mean--
- she fought fire
with a ----ing atomic bomb.
Stassi saying that I'm jealous
and making sure
that literally every person
in the room can hear it
is her trying to make me
look bad.
Dude, she's not gonna do that
in my place.
Nobody yells at like that
at anybody.
- Yes, it'll never happen again.
- Especially me, dude.
- Well, dude, come on.
- Stassi is literally banned.
- Tom. Tom.
- If she comes in,
she's getting thrown out
immediately.
♪♪♪
- next time on...
- Miami, baby.
♪♪♪
- [ cheering ]
- it's like a roller coaster.
- Whoo!
- Bachelor...
- Ette!
- This is supposed to be
my bachelorette party.
[ voice breaking ] we're
supposed to celebrate my love.
We're supposed to celebrate
my marriage.
- I'm doing the best that I can
day by day.
- You're not doing
the best that you can!
We're not 22.
We can't do this sh--.
- No.
- It's weird.
- It's been a harder start here.
There's been some people who
don't seem like
they want me here.
- Who are we talking about
exactly?
- I don't think scheana's
been very kind to me.
- She's been here a long time.
So say,
"I'm putting all this work in
because I'm here to stay."
- I'll handle it.
- I know you will.
- Lisa's calling me.
Hey, what's up, lisa?
- I just need to have
a better understanding
of exactly what went down
at tomtom.
- I'm sorry, but we are not
in stassi's world.
We were in the middle
of ----ing tomtom.
- No one cares about
the ----ing bar!
Everyone's there for an event.
It's about ----ing stassi.
♪♪♪
- to see more
of "vanderpump rules,"
go to bravotv.Com.